ray monroe with his wife joanne and his
daughter perry is driving home from his
in-laws house it is the day of
thanksgiving the couple argues about
their relationship as perry sits in the
back seat listening to music on her
headphones joanne begins to cry knowing
that their marriage is at its ending as
they argue perry's headphones stop
working so the couple stops arguing and
sings songs with perry to keep her
entertained
sometime later perry has to go to the
bathroom
reid pulls over at a gas station
joanne takes perry to the washroom as
ray goes to buy batteries for perry's
headphones coffee and a coke for joanne
however he is short on money so he
ditches the batteries and gets two
liquor bottles for himself
back in the car he lies to joanne
telling her that the store did not have
batteries
ray is about to start the car when perry
notices that her compact is missing when
they do not find it in the car joanne
goes to look for it in the washroom
ray gets up to check under perry's seat
but accidentally drops his coffee perry
is outside the car
as rey is distracted carrie wanders off
to a nearby construction site she sees a
balloon and goes near it just then a dog
comes near her she starts calling ray
for help
as perry retreats she is stuck between
the dog and a construction pet
ray finally notices the dog and asks
perry not to move and slowly tries to
advert the dog's direction towards
himself
just as ray throws a stone at it perry
gets scared and falls into the pit ray
runs to save her and falls into the pit
as well he falls unconscious he wakes up
a few seconds later and sees joanne
running towards them
perry lies unconscious beside him while
joanne checks her for injuries
ray is still in shock and doesn't say
anything joanne comes to him crying
hysterically but he pushes her aside
ray closes his eyes and when he opens it
everything seems normal
perry opens her eyes and he takes a sigh
of relief
however her arm seems to be fractured so
ray gently picks perry and takes her to
the car
joanne suggests they call an ambulance
but ray claims to see a hospital nearby
while they drive to the hospital ray
nearly crashes into another car
perry lies in the back seat with joanne
and is in a lot of pain
when the family gets to the hospital
joanne and perry sit in the waiting area
as ray checks them in the hospital is
crowded so the receptionist tells him to
wait for their turn
as the three of them wait perry whimpers
in pain
ray goes to the receptionist again and
asks to be sent earlier than others
however she just makes him sign
paperwork and asks him to wait he goes
back to his family in the waiting area
where joanne apologizes to him for being
rude earlier after a while the nurse
calls ray's name
the family is taken to a room where the
nurse notes down required information
about them the questions start to get
intrusive which annoys the couple the
nurse then asks them to register perry
as an organ donor but they refuse
even after being denied the nurse pushes
the topic but ray dismisses her another
nurse then takes them to a ward
perry is put into a hospital bed and a
doctor finally sees her
he confirms that perry's arm is broken
and tells them that she needs a cast
when the doctor finds out that perry has
also hit her head he advises them to do
a ct scan
the nurses cast perry's arm
she is then put in a wheelchair and
taken to the ct scan lab
it turns out that only one parent can go
to the area at once so ray stays outside
perry tells him that she loves him
before they part
reeve falls asleep while waiting for
them
he wakes up in a few hours and asks the
receptionist about his family but since
the shifts have changed she doesn't know
anything
she asks him to wait while she checks
the records it has been several minutes
but the receptionist doesn't say
anything
ray asks her again this time a little
annoyed she then checks the morning
record but perry's name is not in it
frustrated ray asks to see the doctor
who checked perry but he has changed
shifts too
agitated ray yells at the receptionist
and bangs her desk so she immediately
calls the ct room
however the person from the lab tells
her that only one old woman has come to
the lab that day
rey is beyond frustrated he angrily asks
her about his family but the
receptionist looks at him as if he is
crazy
she even blames him for coming into the
wrong hospital
ray insists that it is not possible but
she ignores him and starts talking to
someone else
worried about his family ray runs to the
restricted area of the hospital only to
be stopped by the officials there
he informs them of their visit this
morning the doctor checks the day's
record but sees no patient by the name
of monroe
frustrated ray looks around and sees the
nurse who helped them earlier the nurse
recognizes rey
believing that he has proved his point
race size in relief but the nurse adds
that she doesn't know anything about his
daughter or his wife
according to her ray came in for a head
injury and was alone
agitated ray blames the nurse for lying
the doctor assumes he has a contusion
from his head injury and offers to treat
him
however ray almost attacks the nurse and
has to be restrained the doctor injects
him with sedatives to calm him down
he is then locked into a room by the
guards ray tries to unlock the door but
the drugs make him hazy to make the
sedative not work he injects himself
with an injection he finds in the
cabinets he then tries to unlock the
door again but it doesn't work
hence he breaks the glass door and runs
out of the room
however before he can escape people
notice him running away the security
chases him but ray somehow manages to
run out of the hospital and hide in his
car
a police car is right outside the
hospital too
taking the opportunity ray stops the car
and tells the police about joanne and
perry
the police suspecting that he is lying
ask for identification after he shows
them his id they agree to help him the
receptionist sees ray walk into the
hospital again but this time she cannot
do anything because of the police
officers
she calls the security before assisting
them the guards then let them in
ray takes the police to the doctor from
earlier the doctor admits that there can
be a mistake in the records and ray
demands they be taken to the ct lab
the doctor agrees however the guards
take them to the third floor ray clearly
remembers the ct lab being in the
basement
at the lab it is clear that perry was
never there
ray then demands to call dr birthroom
who had checked perry that morning
the staff obliges
just then the receptionist comes in with
the paper that rey had signed this
morning
however it doesn't prove the presence of
joanne and perry dr birthroom finally
arrives and reveals that ray came to the
hospital alone to get treated for his
head injury the doctor had asked him to
do a ct scan but he refused saying that
his wife abby was waiting for him
outside the police officers get
suspicious of rey because he has told
them that his wife's name is joanne not
abby
ray then reveals that abby is his
ex-wife who has been dead for years
helpless ray accuses the hospital of
kidnapping his family
the security guard suggests they look at
the cctv camera footage to see if rey is
lying
the group then watches the footage for
the morning but perry and joanne are in
none of them
ray claims that it is because of the
camera's angle
the police officers do not believe rey's
story anymore
ray then asked them to go to the gas
station to figure the truth he even
finds perry scarf near the hospital bed
she was in the morning
he claims that this proved she was here
but the police need more evidence than
that the doctors suspect that ray is not
in a mentally stable condition so they
introduce him to a psychiatrist named
teresa jacobs teresa takes ray to a room
and shows him his administration record
which doesn't mention perry or joanne
teresa calmly talks to him and inquires
about the incidents of that morning
she also asks him about abby ray then
reveals that abby died eight years ago
in a car accident and he couldn't save
her because he was dropped
frustrated he starts to cry theresa now
knows for sure that something is wrong
she suggests the police go look at the
place the accident occurred this morning
according to teresa joanne and perry
might still be there the police officers
then take rey and teresa to the
construction site again
they call for backup to help them with
the search
then they find perry's compact on the
pit they also see a pool of dried blood
in the country
the police realize that this cannot be
raised blood because his injury isn't
that bad
the missing people in the blood make the
officers realize that the place is a
crime scene
however ray in turn blames the police
officers for planning the compact and
the blood to falsely accuse rey he
believes that the police want to save
the hospital for what they have done to
joanne and perry teresa on the other
hand tries to comrade down and asks him
what happened to perry ray starts to
blabber teresa then asks him if he
pushed perry down the pit this makes rey
go silent he doesn't move and stares
into the distance
the police then arrest him on the
suspicion of killing his wife and his
daughter
as they are about to handcuff him he
snaps he snatches the officer's gun and
points at a teresa
then he makes them go into the gas
station and locks them there
taking teresa's key card reed drives to
the hospital in a police car
he hides the gun and goes inside his
plan is to go to the basement where he
believes that joanne and perry are
captured while he is at it he comes
across the maternity room the children
remind him of the day abby died he
reminisces of the death which had killed
both abby and his unborn kid
he somehow manages to get a doctor's
apron and disguises himself as one he
gets into the elevator and is about to
go to the basement but the security
guard from earlier joins him he and ray
get into a fight in the end ray
strangles the guard to death and takes
his keys
ray is finally in the basement of the
hospital
as he looks around he finds perry's toy
in a bin nearby
sure that his daughter is somewhere near
he takes the gun in his hand and
searches for her
then he sees two doctors delivering
boxes of human organs somewhere
ray finally realizes that joanne and
perry were brought here to get their
organs harvested this explains the nurse
trying to make perry an organ donor that
morning
reed then enters a room and is horrified
to see several dead bodies with missing
organs he rushes out of the room looking
for perry and finally finds her in
another room being operated on by
surgeons
joanne is in the corner of the room
highly sedated the doctors had drugged
her
ray then holds the surgeons at gunpoint
and places both joanne and perry in a
wheelchair but before he can run away
the doctors restrained him they are
about to inject him with drugs but ray
manages to free himself by shooting a
device and causing an explosion
ray finally runs out of the room with
both joanne and perry in the wheelchair
he kills another doctor in the hallway
he brings his family out of the hospital
and puts them in the back seat of his
car the family finally drives away to
their home
perry tells them that her arm still
hurts so ray sings her a song to make
her feel better
just then the camera pans to the back
seat and we see that the people sitting
there are two random people that rey has
kidnapped from the middle of their
surgery
ray gets flashbacks from the morning and
we get to know that perry died when she
fell into the pit
when ray pushed joanne he killed her as
well
rey's mind couldn't handle the pain of
him being the reason for his family's
death
hence his mind constructs a new reality
in which both his wife and daughter are
still alive
ray believes he is rescuing them but it
is revealed that he has kidnapped a
random patient from surgery
joanne and perry's dead bodies were
inside the trunk of his car the whole
time
the movie ends as rey hallucinates joy
and telling him to take them home and
that's the heartbreaking ending of the
movie
you